0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
        a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
        Get resource usage of the program

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
        16

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
        According of the function prototype for getrusage, it requires a pointer to rusage.

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us
    that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.

        Challenge Accepted.

        First, Every character in that file is read, if it is a letter or an apostrophe, it is added into an array. If it hits a space,
        the null terminator of the string is added and it is spellchecked, then the index is reset to zero for the new word.

        If it exceeds the LIMIT, more than the possible longest word in the english language or encounters a number in the word.
        The rest of the word is discarded until the next space.

        The for loop will execute until the EOF has been read by fgetc, and the spellchecker will only execute for indexes that are more than zero

        Also, Misspellings and Words will be incremented.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s"
    to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
        When we use fscanf, we will also have to check every character to make sure that it is a valid word, therefore it would be more efficient
        to just check every character since we are going to do that anyway when we have the returned value of fscanf

        Also, we cannot discard words greater than 45 to be spellchecked

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
        It makes the parameters read only. The values of the parameter itself cannot be altered.
